Beyond Feelings is designed to introduce you to the subject of critical thinking. The subject may be new to you because it has not been emphasized in most elementary and secondary schools.
“超越感觉》是为了向你介绍批判性思考这一主题而撰写的。因为在大多数小学和中学里从未讲过它，所以，这一主题对你也许是崭新的。”
（emphasized 强调，这里是被强调。 emphasis n.强调，重要性）



In fact, until fairly recently, most colleges gave it little attention. For the past four decades, the dominant emphasis has been on subjectivity rather than objectivity, on feeling rather than on thought.
“事实上，直到最近（fairly强调），许多大学也还没有教授这一科目。在过去的40年中，我们主要强调的是主观性而非客观性，是感觉而非思考。”
（fairly 表示强调，相当； dominant 主要的，首要的；）


Over the past several decades, however, a number of studies of America’s schools have criticized the neglect of critical thinking, and a growing number of educators and leaders in business, industry, and the professions have urged the development of new courses and teaching materials to overcome that neglect.
“但是，在过去的20年里，许多美国学校里的学习被批评是这种批判性思考的忽视，越来越多的教育工作者（educators）和工商业领导者以及职业人士（professions），竭力促请（urge）发展新的课程和教材（teaching materials），以解决（overcome 解决、克服）这种忽视。”


It is no exaggeration to say that critical thinking is one of the most important subjects you will study in college regardless of your academic major.
“毫不夸张地说，批判性思考都将是你在大学学习中最重要的科目之一，无论（regardless of）你的专业（academic major）”


The quality of your schoolwork, your efforts in your career, your contributions to community life, your conduct of personal affairs all will depend on your ability to solve problems and make decisions.
“你功课（schoolwork）的品质，你在职业生涯中的努力，你对社区生活的贡献，你对“个人事务（affairs）的处理（conduct）——所有这些都取决于你解决问题和所作出决定的能力。”


The book has three main sections. The first, “The Context,” will help you understand such important concepts as individuality, critical thinking, truth, knowledge, opinion, evidence, and argument and overcome attitudes and ideas that obstruct critical thinking. 
“这本书有三大部分：第一部分是“背景（context）”，它将帮你理解像（as）个性（individuality）、思考、真理、知识、观点、根据（evidence）和论证等重要概念（concepts），（and）并且克服阻碍（obstruct）批判性思考的态度和观念；
（前面也有个and，一般来说第二个and是另一个句子了）


The second section, “The Pitfalls,” will teach you to recognize and avoid the most common errors in thinking. 
第二部分是“易犯的错误（pitfall 陷阱，隐患）”，将教你识别和避免思维当中最常见的谬误；


The third section, “A Strategy,” will help you acquire the various skills used in addressing problems and issues. 
第三部分是“策略”，将帮你获得（acquire）用在解决（addressing）问题和议题的各种技巧。


This section includes tips on identifying and overcoming your personal intellectual weaknesses as well as techniques for becoming more observant, clarifying issues, conducting inquiries, evaluating evidence, analyzing other people’s views, and making sound judgments.
这一部分既包括辨认（identify）和克服（overcome）你个人智力上的（intellectual）弱项（weakness）的提示（tips），也（as well as）包括一些更有观察力（observant）、澄清（clarify）问题、组织询问（conducting inquiries）、评价根据、分析他人观点，并作出合理（sound）判断的技巧（techniques）。
（sound的形容词表示正确的、合理的）



At the end of each chapter, you will find a number of applications to challenge your critical thinking and help you exercise your skills. 
在每一章的结尾，你将看到许多（a number of）应用(applications)，用以激发(challenge)你的批判性思考并帮助你训练自身的技巧。



These applications cover problems and issues both timely and timeless. The final application in each of the first thirteen chapters invites you to examine an especially important issue about which informed opinion is divided.
这些应用包含(cover)及时（timely）和永恒（timeless）的问题和议题。前十三章每个（each of）最后的应用要求（invites）你考察（examine）这样一个特别重要的关于已知观点存在分歧（which informed opinion is divided）的议题.
（timeless不受时间影响的; 无时间性的; 永不过时的; 永存的; 永远的; 永恒的; 永久的）

Students sometimes get the idea that a textbook must be read page by page and that reading ahead violates some unwritten rule. This notion is mistaken.
“有时，学生认为一本教科书应逐页阅读，超前阅读会违反(violates)一些不成文的规则(unwritten rules)。”这种意识（notion）是错误的


Students’ background knowledge varies widely; what one student knows very well, another knows only vaguely and a third is totally unfamiliar with. 
学生的只是背景有很大（widely）的差异（varies）；“对某个课题，一个学生了然于心，另一个学生可能只懂略微（vaguely），而第三个学生则可能全然无知（unfamiliar 陌生的）。”


Any time you need or want to look ahead to an explanation in a later chapter, by all means do so. Let’s say you make a statement and a friend says, “That’s relativism, pure and simple.” If you aren’t sure exactly what she means, go to the index, look up “relativism,” proceed to the appropriate page, and find out.
“无论何时当你需要或想提前查阅后面章节的解释，你都可以径直去做。” 假如（let's say）你提出了一个陈述（statement 声明、陈述），而你的朋友说：“这是不折不扣（pure and simple）的相对主义。”如果你不能确定它的准确含义，那就翻到本书末尾的索引，查看“相对主义”，直接到（proceed to）该词条所标注的页码，弄个明白。”


Looking ahead is especially prudent in the case of concepts and procedures relevant to the end-of-chapter applications.
如果（in case of）概念（concepts）和步骤（procedures）与最后一章节的应用相关，那直接（去找）就是尤其（especially）明智的（prudent 深谋远虑的，审慎的）



One such concept is plagiarism. If you are not completely clear on what constitutes plagiarism, why it is unacceptable, and how to avoid it, take a few minutes right now to learn. 
抄袭（plagiarism）就是这么一种概念（concept），如果你还完全搞不清楚什么构成了（constitutes）抄袭（plagiarism），为什么它是不可接受的（unacceptable），以及怎样去避免，那现在就花几分钟去学习它


Look for the section “Avoiding Plagiarism” toward the end of the Chapter 2. Similarly, if you are not as skilled as you would like to be doing library or Internet research, it would be a good idea to read Chapter 17 now. Doing so could save you a great deal of time and effort completing homework assignments.
找到第二章最后那里“避免抄袭”的部分。如果你不像你在图书馆或者互联网搜索那样熟练（skilled），现在去阅读17章是个比较好的注意。这样可以帮你节省许多（a great deal of ）时间并且努力完成课外作业（homework assignments）。


