When the first edition of this book appeared in 1975, the dominant intellectual focus was still subjectivity, feelings. 
本书在1975年首次出版时，认识上关注的主要焦点仍是主观性，即感觉。

That focus, the legacy of the 1960s, was originally a necessary reaction to the rationalism and behaviorism that preceded it. 
这个焦点是1960年代的传统，起先是对此前的理性主义和行为主义的必要回应。

It declared, in effect: “People are not robots. They are more than the sum total of their physiology. They have hopes, dreams, emotions. No two humans are alike—each has a special perspective, a unique way of perceiving the world. And any view of humanity that ignores this subjective side is a distortion.”
它宣称，实质上“人不是机器”。他们不只是其全部心理的总和。他们还有希望、梦想和感情。任何两个人都不是完全一样的——每个人观察世界时都有其独特的视角和特有的方法。而且，人类忽视这种主观方面的任何一个观点都是一种扭曲。



Yet, despite its value, the focus on feelings went too far. 
但是，尽管有这种价值，对感觉的这种关注也走得太远了。

Like many other movements, what began as a reaction against an extreme view became an extreme view itself. 
它像许多其他运动一样，开始作为对一种极端观点的反应，后来其本身变成了一种极端的观点。

The result of that extremism was the neglect of thinking.
这种极端主义是忽视思考的结果。

This book was designed to answer that neglect. 
本书的意图即是为了弥补这一疏忽。

The introduction to the first edition explained its rationale as follows:
第一版的导论对其理论基础的解释如下：


3

The emphasis on subjectivity served to correct a dangerous oversimplification.
对主观性的强调是为了纠正危险的过度简单化。

But it is the kind of reaction that cannot be sustained for long without causing an even worse situation —— the neglect of thinking.
但正是这种回应不能长期地避免造成一种更糟糕的情形——对思考的忽视。

Worse for two reasons. 
之所以糟糕，有两个原因。

First, because we live in an age of manipulation. 
首先，因为我们生活在一个操纵的时代。

Armies of hucksters and demagogues stand ready with the rich resources of psychology to play upon our emotions and subconscious needs to persuade us that superficial is profound, harmful is beneficial, evil is virtuous.
大量叫卖广告和政治煽动者随时都准备好丰富的心理资源，利用我们的感情和下意识的需要来劝说我们相信：肤浅就是深刻，伤害就是有益，邪恶就是美德。

And feelings are especially vulnerable to such manipulation.
而且感觉对这种操纵特别难以抵抗。




4

Secondly, because in virtually every important area of modern life— law, medicine, government, education, science, business, and community affairs - we are beset with serious problems and complex issues that demand careful gathering and weighing of facts and informed opinions, thoughtful consideration of various conclusions or actions, and judi- cious selection of the best conclusion or most appropriate action. . . .
第二，因为在事实上，在现代生活的每个重要领域——法律、医药、政府、教育、科学、工商业和社区事务——我们都受到一些严重而复杂问题的困扰，这些问题需要我们仔细地收集和权衡事实和有根据的观点，审慎地思考各种结论和行为，从而明智地选择最好的结论或最恰当的行动……”






5

[Today’s college student] has been conditioned not to undervalue subjectivity, but to overvalue it. 
［今天的大学生］所受的训练不是去低估而是高估主观性。


And so he does not need to have his feelings indulged.
所以他不必沉溺于他的感觉，


Rather, he needs to be taught how to sort out his feelings, 
而是要学会如何挑选出感觉，

decide to what extent they have been shaped by external influences, and evaluate them carefully when they conflict among themselves or with the feelings of others. 
判断外界影响将这种感觉塑造到何种程度，当自己或者他人的感觉发生冲突的时候，要仔细的评估他们。

In short, he needs to be taught to think critically.
总之，他们需要学会批判性的思考。



There is an unfortunate tendency among many to view feeling and thought as mutually exclusive, to force a choice between them.
在许多人中有一种不幸的倾向，认为感情和思想是相互排斥的，迫使他们在两者之间作出选择。 （注意分句，among many后面视为一个逗号）
 
 
 If we focus on one, then in their view we must reject the other. 
 如果我们只关注其中一个，那么在他们看来，我们必须拒绝另一个。

 But this is mistaken. 
 然而这是错误的
 
 Feeling and thought are perfectly complementary. 
 感觉和思考完全是互补的
 
 Feeling, being more spontaneous, is an excellent beginning to the development of conclusions. 
感觉，更有自发性，是结论发展的良好开端。
 
 And thought, being more deliberate, provides a way to identify the best and most appropriate feeling. Both are natural.
而思考，更为深思熟虑，提供了一种确定最佳和最恰当感觉的方法。两者都是自然的
 
Thinking, however, is less automatic than feeling. To do it well demands a systematic approach and guided practice.
然而，思考不如感觉那么自发（自然）。做好这项工作需要系统的方法和有指导的实践。

The general attitude toward thinking has changed considerably since the mid-1970s.
自从1970年中期以来，对思维的通常看法已经发生了相当大的变化。

The view that critical thinking is an important skill to which education should give prominence is no longer a minority view.
批判性思维是教育应突出的一项重要技能的观点不再是少数人的观点。

Hundreds of voices have joined the chorus calling for the addition of critical thinking objectives to existing courses and even the creation of special courses in thinking. 
成百上千的人齐声呼吁，要求在现在现有课程中增加批判性思考的教学内容，甚至要求开设专门的思维类课程。

There is little disagreement that the challenges of the new millennium demand minds that can move beyond feelings to clear, impartial, critical problem solving and decision making.
人们几乎没有分歧认为，新千年的挑战要求人的思维能够超越感觉，实现清晰、公正、批判的问题解决和决策。



**********************本书此版本的特点*********


1

Features of This Edition
本版特点

This edition of Beyond Feelings retains the basic organization of previous editions. The first section explains the psychological, philosophical, and social context in which critical thinking takes place and describes the habits and attitudes that enhance such thinking.
“本版《超越感觉》保留了以往各个版本的基本结构。第一篇解释批判性思考发生的心理学、哲学和社会背景，描述提升这种思维的习惯和态度；”







The second section helps students recognize and overcome common errors in thinking. The third section provides a step-by-step strategy for dealing with issues.
“第二篇帮助学生认识并克服思维中常见的错误；第三篇提供了一种处理这些问题的按部就班的策略。”

Within the overall design, however, I have made a number of changes, most in response to the helpful suggestions of reviewers.
“但是，我在保持整体设计结构时，也做了许多变动，这些变动大多根据评论者的有益建议而作出。”


• In Chapter 1, a new section—“The Influence of Ideas”—has been added.
“在第一章中，一个新的部分——想法的影响——已被加上了。

• In Chapter 3, a new section—“Understanding Cause and Effect”— has been added.
第三章中，一个新的部分——了解因果关系——已被加上。

• In Chapter 15, new examples of the value of observation have been added.
在15章中，一个新的关于观察价值的例子也已经被加上。

• In Chapter 17, the subsection “Evaluate your information sources” has been expanded.
•在第17章中，“评估你的信息来源”一节已经扩大。

• A number of new “Difference of Opinion” exercises have been added.
许多新的“不同意见”训练也已经增加。

*In 1975, “he” was still accepted as a reference to both sexes.
*1975年，“他”仍然被认为是指男女。



As in the past, I have attempted to follow George Orwell’s sage advice: “Never use a foreign phrase, a scientific word, or a jargon word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent.”
和过去一样，我也曾企图遵循乔治·奥威尔（George Orwell）的明智建议：“如果你能想到一个日常英语的对等词，就不要用一个外国短语、一个科学词汇或一个行话。”


This is not always easy. When logicians are taught terms such as argumentum ad hominem, non sequitur, and “affirming the consequent,” they naturally want to use them. 
“但这并非易事。当逻辑学者学会“以人为据”（argumentum ad hominem）、“不合逻辑的推论”（non sequitur）和“肯定后件”这些术语时，他们自然就要使用它们。”


Arguments for doing so urge themselves upon us: for example, “These are the most precise terms. Don’t join the ranks of the coddlers and deprive students of them.” 
（注意句子结构）
关于这些争议促进他们自己强求我们：例如，“有非常准去饿的术语。不要加入可以造作者的行列，并且不让学生们接受这些术语。”




3

In weak moments I succumb to this appeal. (Until the previous edition, for example, I included the term enthymeme. Mea culpa . . . there I go again.) 
在不重要的时候（环节），我认可（屈服）这种说法（呼吁），例如，直到此前那个版本，我一直使用enthymeme、mea、culpa等术语，这里我，我又提到了它们。

But is the precision of such terms the real reason for my wanting to use them?
但是，我想使用这些术语难道真的是因为这些术语的准确性吗？

Is it not possible that we professors enjoy parading our knowledge or that we are reluctant to spare our students the struggle we were forced to undergo (“We suffered, so they should too”)? 
难道不可能是我们这些教授喜欢炫耀自己的知识，或者我们不情愿学生们免受我们曾经被迫经受的那种挣扎？（我们经历过、所以他们也要经历）

It seems to me that modern culture already provides too many impediments to critical thinking for us to add more.
在我看来，现代化对我们的批判性思考设置了太多的障碍，实在不必再增设了。



Is it possible to carry this plain language commitment too far? Yes, and some will think I have done so in avoiding the term inferences and speaking instead of conclusions.
对这种简洁明了语言的采用有可能做得太过分了吗？是的，而且有些人会认为，我之所以这样做，时候为了避免‘推论’这个术语，而使用结论这一说法。

But I respectfully disagree. Lexicographers point out that the distinction between these terms is extremely subtle, so it seems more reasonable not to devote time to it. 
但是，我尊重但是不同意这一看法，词典编撰者指出这些术语之间的区别十分的微笑，因此，不在这个上面花时间似乎更加合理。




04

Also, I avoid using the term values whenever possible for a somewhat different reason. 
出于有点不同的理由，我一单有可能就避免使用价值这个词。


The word value is so associated with relativism that its use in this context can undermine the crucial idea that arguments differ in quality.
价值这一词如此地与相对主义练习，以至于再次语境下使用它，可能会削弱有关论证在性质上存在差别这一重要的观念。


For many students, the word value triggers the thought, “Everyone has a right to his or her values; mine are right for me, and though they may need ‘clarification’ from time to time, they are never to be questioned.” This thought impedes critical thinking.
对于许多学生来说，，加之这一次引起了他们的思考：“每个人都有权拥有他或者她的价值观，我的价值观对我而言是正确的，尽管它们也需要不时的进行澄清。但他们从不被质疑。”这种想法阻碍了批判性思考。


