Suppose someone asked, “Who are you?” It would be simple enough to respond with your name. But if the person wanted to know the entire story about who you are, the question would be more difficult to answer. 
“假如有人问：“你是谁”，回答姓名会是足够简单的方式。但是，如果此人想了解有关你是谁的所有（entire）情况，那这个问题就比较难以回答了。


You’d obviously have to give the details of your height, age, and weight. You’d also have to include all your sentiments and preferences, even the secret ones you’ve never shared with anyone—your affection for your loved ones;
显然，你将不得不给出有关你身高、年龄和体重的所有细节（details）。你也不得不说出你的情感（sentiments）和喜好，甚至是你从未与任何人分享的秘密——你对情人的爱恋；


your desire to please the people you associate with; your dislike of your older sister’s husband; your allegiance to your favorite beverage, brand of clothing, and music.
你渴望取悦你所交往的人；你对姐夫的厌恶；你对所喜欢的饮料（beverage）、服装品牌（brand）和音乐的忠心（allegiance）。”

Your attitudes couldn’t be overlooked either—your impatience when an issue gets complex, your aversion to certain courses, your fear of high places and dogs and speaking in public. The list would go on. To be complete, it would have to include all your characteristics—not only the physical but also the emotional and intellectual.
“也不能忽视（overlook）你的态度———对一个日益复杂化的问题失去耐心（imaptience），对一些课程的反感（aversion），对身处高处、对狗、对公开场合讲话的惧怕（fear of）。这个清单还可再开列下去。但为了完整起见，它将不得不包括你所有的特征（characteristics）——不只是身体方面的，还包括感情和智力（intellectual）方面的。”


To provide all that information would be quite a chore. But suppose the questioner was still curious and asked, “How did you get the way you are?”、
提供所有这些信息相当地（quite）会是家务杂事（chore）。但是，假设这个提问者仍然好奇并继续问道：“你是如何成为”“现在这个样子的？”

If your patience were not yet exhausted, chances are you’d answer something like this: “I’m this way because I choose to be, because I’ve considered other sentiments and preferences and attitudes and have made my selections.The ones I have chosen fit my style and personality best.” 
“如果你还有耐心，你也许可能这样来回答：“我变成这样是由于我自己的选择，由于我考虑了其他情感(sentiment)、喜好和态度以后作出的抉择。我所选择的这些特质最适合我的风格和个性。”

That answer is natural enough, and in part it’s true. But in a larger sense, it’s not true. The impact of the world on all of us is much greater than most of us realize.
这种回答足够自然，而且在某种程度上是真确的。但在更大的意义上说，事实并非如此。世界对我们的影响远远超出了我们大多数人的认识。



The Influence of Time and Place


Not only are you a member of a particular species, Homo sapiens, but you also exist at a particular time in the history of that species and in a particular place on the planet.
“你不仅是一个特殊(particular)生物种类(species)“智人(homo sapiens)”的成员，而且你还存在于该物种历史的一个特定的时间，生存在地球（planet）上的一个特定的地方。


That time and place are defined by specific circumstances, understandings, beliefs, and customs, all of which limit your experience and influence your thought patterns. 
这个时间和地点是由具体的条件（circumstances）、理解、信仰和习俗（custom）所限定的，这些都限制了你的经验，并影响你的思维模式（pattern）。


If you had lived in America in colonial times, you likely would have had no objection to the practice of barring women from serving on a jury, entering into a legal contract, owning property, or voting. 
如果你生活在殖民地时期（colonial time）的美洲，那你可能不会反对（objection）禁止（barring）妇女从事（serving）陪审团（jury）工作、签订（entering into）合法（legal）契约（contract）、拥有财产（property）或参与投票的常规（pratice 常规、实践）。


If you had lived in the nineteenth century, you would have had no objection to young children being denied an education and being hired out by their parents to work sixteen hours a day, nor would you have given any thought to the special needs of adolescence. (The concept of adolescence was not invented until 1904.)1
如果你生活在19世纪，你也许不会反对（objection）父母不让（deny）儿童接受教育并雇佣他们每天工作16小时，你也不（nor 也不）会关心他们青春期（adolescence）的特别需要。（到1904年，青春期的概念才面世。）[1]”



If you had been raised in the Middle East, you would stand much closer to people you converse with than you do in America. 
“如果你成长于中东，那你与人交谈（converse）时的站立距离会比你在美国时近得多。


If you had been raised in India, you might be perfectly comfortable having your parents choose your spouse for you. 
如果成长于印度，那你也许会完全适应由父母选择你的配偶（spouse）。


If your native language were Spanish and your knowledge of English modest, you probably would be confused by some English colloquialisms. 
如果你的母语是西班牙语而且英语知识逊色（modest 谦虚、逊色），那么你可能会被某些英语俗语（colloquialism）弄糊涂（confused）了。


James Henslin offers two amusing examples of such confusion: Chevrolet Novas initially sold very poorly in Mexico because no va in Spanish means “it doesn’t work”;
詹姆斯·亨斯宁（James Henslin）提供了两个如此困惑（confusion）的有趣（amusing）”“事例：雪佛莱诺瓦（Chevrolet Novas）汽车最初（initially）在墨西哥销售很不畅，是因为no va在西班牙语中的意思是“它开不动”；


and Perdue chickens were regarded with a certain suspicion (or worse) because the company’s slogan—”It takes a tough man to make a tender chicken”— became in Spanish “It takes an aroused man to make a chicken affectionate.”2
柏杜鸡（Perdue chicken）一度遭受舆论质疑[suspicion]（甚至更糟），因为该公司的口号“硬汉（tough man）也能做出鲜嫩（tender）的鸡肉”在西班牙语中变成了“雄起的（aroused）男人也能让鸡变得可爱（affectionate 充满深情的）”。[2]”  tough 坚固的   




People who grow up in Europe, Asia, or South America have very different ideas of punctuality. As Daniel Goleman explains, “Five minutes is late but permissible for a business appointment in the U.S., but thirty minutes is normal in Arab countries. 
“成长于欧洲、亚洲或南美的人拥有非常不同的守时（puctuality）观念。正如丹尼尔·古尔曼（Daniel Goleman）所解释的，“迟到5分钟虽然晚了，却是在美国商务会面（business appointment）时可容忍（permissible）的，但是，在阿拉伯（Arab）国家，迟到30分钟是正常的。


In England five to fifteen minutes is the ‘correct’ lateness for one invited to dinner; an Italian might come two hours late, an Ethiopian still later, a Javanese not at all, having accepted only to prevent his host’s losing face.”3
在英国，一个人受邀进晚餐，5到15分钟属于‘恰当’的迟到时间；一个意大利人也许会迟到两个小时；埃塞俄比亚人会更迟；爪哇人（Jvacanese 印度尼西亚的主体民族）甚至根本不来，只是为了不让主人丢脸才接受的。

 A different ethnic origin would also mean different tastes in food. Instead of craving a New York Strip steak and french fries, you might crave “raw monkey brains” or “camel’s milk cheese patties cured（烤制） in dry camel’s dung（粪）” and washed down with “warm camel’s blood.”4
 不同的文化渊源（ethnic origin）也会意味着不同的食物口味。你也许不渴望（crave）纽约客牛排（steak）和法国薯条，而是渴望“活（raw）猴脑”或者“用干骆驼粪（dung）熏制”、“用鲜骆驼血冲洗过的”骆驼奶酪饼（cheese patties）。
 
 
 Sociologist Ian Robertson summed up the range of global dietary differences succinctly: “Americans eat oysters but not snails. The French eat snails but not locusts. The Zulus eat locusts but not fish. The Jews eat fish but not pork. 
 社会学家（sociologist）伊安·罗伯逊（Ian Robertson）简明地（succinctly）总结了（sum up）全球日常饮食差异之大：“美国人食用牡蛎）[oyster]—却不吃蜗牛[snail]。法国人食用蜗牛却不吃蝗虫[locusts]。祖鲁人食用蝗虫却不吃鱼类。犹太人食用鱼类却不吃猪肉（pork）。
 
 The Hindus eat pork but not beef. The Russians eat beef but not snakes. The Chinese eat snakes but not people. The Jalé of New Guinea find people delicious.”5 [Note: The reference to Hindus is mistaken.]
印度教教徒食用猪肉但不吃牛肉，俄罗斯人食用牛肉，但不吃蛇肉；中国人吃蛇但不吃人，新几内亚人认为人肉鲜美。[提示：印度教徒所提及的是错误的，我印象中是印度人不吃猪肉]


To sum up, living in a different age or culture would make you a different person. Even if you rebelled against the values of your time and place, they still would represent the context of your life—— in other words, they still would influence your responses.
总之，生活在不同的时代或文化背景下，会使你成为一个不同的人。即使你叛逆（rebelled against）你所处的时间和空间的价值观，它们仍然会代表你生活的环境——换句话说，它们依然会影响你作出的反应。”









The Influence of Ideas

When one idea is expressed, closely related ideas are simultaneously conveyed, logically and inescapably. In logic, this kinship is expressed by the term sequitur, Latin for “it follows.” (The converse is non sequitur, “it does not follow.”)
当一个想法被表达时，紧密相关的想法同时（simultaneously）被传达（conveyed），符合逻辑，且不可避免（inescapably）。在逻辑上，这种子属关系（kinship）是用“推论（sequitur）”这个词来表示的，拉丁文是“它跟随的”。（相反（converse）的就是非推论的，它不是跟随的）

Consider, for example, the idea that many teachers and parents express to young children as a way of encouraging them: “If you believe in yourself, you can succeed at anything.” From this it follows that nothing else but belief——neither talent nor hard work is necessary for success. The reason the two ideas are equivalent is that their meanings are inseparably linked.*
想一下，举个例子，想想许多老师和家长向孩子们表达的一种鼓励他们的想法：“如果你相信自己，你可以在任何事情上取得成功。”由此可以得出结论，除了信念之外，没有别的东西是成功所必需的，无论是天赋还是努力。这两种思想之所以等价，是因为它们的意义是不可分割地（inseparably）联系在一起的(linked)*


In addition to conveying ideas closely linked to it in meaning, an idea can imply other ideas. For example, the idea that there is no real difference between virtue and vice implies that people should not feel bound by common moral standards.
除了在意义上传达（convey）与之紧密相连的思想外，一个思想还可以暗示(imply)其他思想。例如，美德（virtue）与恶行(vice)之间没有真正区别的观点暗示着（imply）人们不应该感到为共同道德标准（common moral standard)的约束（bound）。


Samuel Johnson had this implication in mind when he said: “But if he does really think that there is no distinction between virtue and vice, why, Sir, when he leaves our houses let us count our spoons.”
塞缪尔·约翰逊（Samuel Johnson）已经有这种潜意识了，他说："但如果他真的认为美德和恶习之间没有区别，为什么当他离开我们的房子时，让我们数出我们的勺子。


If we were fully aware of the closely linked meanings and implications of the ideas we encounter, we could easily sort out the sound ones from the unsound, the wise from the foolish, and the helpful from the harmful. But we are seldom fully aware. 
如果我们充分意识到我们所遇到（encounter）的意义和暗示（implication 暗示、含义）的紧密相关联系。我们就可以很容易的从无声里面找到有声，从愚蠢里面找到有智慧的，从有害的里面找到有益的。但是我们几乎不能完全意识到。


In many cases, we take ideas at face value and embrace them with little or no thought of their associated meanings and implications. In the course of time, our actions are shaped by those meanings and implications, whether we are aware of them or not.
在许多情况下，我们从表面现象接受ideas，同时我们拥抱他们却很少或者根本没有去思考他们的意义和暗示。随着时间的推移，不管我们是否有意识到他们，我们都是被我们的意义和暗示所塑造了。



To appreciate the influence of ideas in people’s lives, consider the series of events set in motion by an idea that was popular in psychology more than a century ago and whose influence continues to this day—the idea that “intelligence is genetically determined and cannot be increased.”
为感激想法在人们生活中的影响，为了了解思想在人们生活中的影响，考虑一系列由一个多世纪前在心理学中流行、其影响持续到今天的想法所引发的事件——即"智力（intelligence）是遗传（genetically）决定的，不能增加。


That idea led researchers to devise tests that measure intelligence. The most famous (badly flawed) test determined that the average mental age of white American adults was 13 and that, among immigrants, the average Russian’s mental age was 11.34; the average Italian’s, 11.01; the average Pole’s, 10.74; and the average mental age of “Negroes,” 10.41.



Educators read the text results and thought, “Attempts to raise students’ in- telligence are pointless,” so they replaced academic curricula with voca- tional curricula and embraced a methodology that taught students facts but not the process of judgment.

*The statement “Belief in oneself is an important element in success” is very different be- cause it specifies that belief is not the only element in success.

Legislatorsreadthetestresultsanddecided “We’vegottodosomethingto keepintellectuallyinferiorpeoplefromenteringthecountry,” sotheyrevised immigration laws to discriminate against southern and central Europeans.
Eugenicists, who had long been concerned about the welfare of the human species,sawthetestsasagravewarning.Theythought, “Ifintelligencecannot be increased, we must find ways of encouraging reproduction among people of higher intelligence and discouraging it among those of lower intelligence.”
The eugenicists’ concern inspired a variety of actions. Margaret Sanger’s Planned Parenthood urged the lower classes to practice contraception. Others succeeded in legalizing promoted forced sterilization, notably in Virginia. The U.S. Supreme Court upheld the Virginia law with Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. declaring, “Three generations of imbeciles are enough.”9 Over the next five decades 7,500 women, including “unwed mothers, prostitutes, petty criminals and children with disciplinary prob- lems” were sterilized.10 In addition, by 1950 over 150,000 supposedly “defec- tive” children, many relatively normal, were held against their will in institutions. They “endured isolation, overcrowding, forced labor, and phys- ical abuse including lobotomy, electroshock, and surgical sterilization.”11
Meanwhile,businessleadersreadthetestresultsanddecided, “Weneedpolicies to ensure that workers leave their minds at the factory gate and perform their assigned tasksmindlessly.” Sotheyenactedthosepolicies.Decadeslater,whenEdwards Deming proposed his “quality control” ideas for involving workers in decision making, business leaders remembered those test results and ignored Deming’s advice. (In contrast, the Japanese welcomed Deming’s ideas; as a result, several of their industries surged ahead of their American competition.)
These are the most obvious effects of hereditarianism but they are certainly not the only ones. Others include discrimination against racial and ethnic minorities and the often-paternalistic policies of government offered in response. (Some historians also link hereditarianism to the genocide that occurred in Nazi Germany.)
The innumerable ideas you have encountered will affect your beliefs and behavior in similar ways––sometimes slightly, at other times profoundly. And this can happen even if you have not consciously embraced the ideas.